## Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For this project, we used reinforcement learning to train a pirate intelligent agent to find a treasure in a maze using the most efficient path. We were given two python classes, TreasureMaze and GameExperience. TreasureMaze contained methods to initialize the game, reset the pirate position, observe the state, find valid actions in the current position, act, update the state and reward after an action, get the game status, and draw the environment. GameExperience has methods to store (remember) episodes, get data for training, and predict the next action based on the environment. In the notebook, we were given the maze matrix (with drawings at different points), code to build the model for reinforcement learning, code to smoothly move through gameplay, and values of variables such as epsilon. We were responsible for writing code to implement deep Q-learning. To do this, we had to write the code to observe the environment, decide whether to explore or exploit, act accordingly, update the state, store the episode, train the model, and update the win history.
## Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
## What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists use technology to solve problems. There are endless possibilities for what computer scientists might do. They may use a familiar technology to solve problems similar to ones that have seen success with certain solutions, or they might try applying a particular technology to a new problem, trying to creatively adapt or improve it for the best results. This can have a tremendous impact on people’s lives. Technology can make their lives easier or make things more accessible, but it can also have consequences that need to be thought through.
## How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
To approach a problem, an important first step is to really understand the problem. It is necessary to have a good idea what is causing the problem, what kind of solutions might be feasible and how they would address the problem, and what consequences those solutions could have. From there, a solution can be designed and tested, ideally with feedback from a number of people with different perspectives that can offer input on benefits or consequences that might otherwise go unnoticed.
## What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
The ethical responsibilities of a computer science are to ensure that problems can be solved without causing harm. Users and the organizations should be confident that a solution will be both effective and secure. Solutions should be designed to collect as little sensitive user information as possible and to ensure that what is collected is handled responsibly and stored securely. Applications and software should be carefully tested for bias, especially anything using artificial intelligence that can learn from biased data. Finally, it’s important to properly communicate what (if any) data is collected and what it is used for so that users can provide informed consent.
